it's not going to be a long haul we can
hear two girls from New York ready just
pump it out plugin okay the long haul
banks toiletries up in the air like
we're going to fucking heart out
something a tent we never set up before
all right let's do it hey we had a
practice run over there we will prepare
all right go ahead open like a salon in
the wood and got you huge mirrors or
straight water bottle yes and that's
exactly how I set up our time we had to
mirror the spray bottle everything going
on we decorated it we had like pirate
crap like seeing going on it was great
definitely like the Renegades of muff
that's why okay so how was your own
entertainment Oh once you got through
all that it was oh you mean like music
wise music what you did who you met did
you have fun did you have a good time so
much fun I mean I can you imagine
lesbians then I can see what I'm sorry
they totally show for me lesbians
annexes it and like slide the shelling
was that buried up the to get Brad to
rattus man's I seen quite a long time
like musically that streamline based on
yeah yeah it was good all in all it was
like the best trip ever exactly why
we're coming out of a hill we're out of
breath here we buy hey you i was doing
grading the excitement of what a
festival can be yes so um so you from
New York yeah New York City no Island
Staten Island I dollars and you have a
big out community there are you
participating happen either i think
there's definitely like a theme yeah
sure yes i agree what's the scene like
um say you know like a mix between your
emos to punk rockers like everybody has
their own set like sort of like mex i
keep it in a sense of yeah but that's
like negro know whether it be shay okay
so rightly make guys like that but
everybody here was so we smooth and nice
and we got hugs the second we walk angel
and talking boobs the huggies was great
it was great have you seen that many
boobs in one place it doesn't it was
very my high school shower
great you want to give me your name I'm
Russia I'm Gina are you coming back
again yeah fucking yeah are you very
gonna crew I guess yeah we're different
we need brigadeiro never gonna grow we
serve cold ethyl answer them you like I
can already handle this I think so yeah
otherwise you can just lay it down for
them to bake it like yeah definitely
your we open the floodgates down yes
which represents then I'll be all right
awesome thank you very much have a great
journey home
you